feat: add second html lab prototype (#407)
freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion: frontend-cert/html-projects/travel-agency-page/user-stories.md

1. You should have an `h1` element with the text `Discover Italy`.

2. You should have a paragraph below the `h1` introducing the travel opportunities.

3. You should have an `h2` element with the text `Packages`.

4. You should have a `p` element introducing briefly the various packages.

> 5. You should have an unordered list element with two list items. The two list items should have the text `Group Travels` and `Private Tours`, respectively. The text of each list item should be enclosed by an anchor element with a dead `href` attribute as placeholder, and a `target` attribute of `_blank`.

Reviewer: This one feels a little long to me - but I guess it's fine. Was wondering if it should be broken up into two.

I would lean towards using a real link and not a dead one. Maybe we can make some dummy pages or something, or let users put whatever in them.

Author: Maybe it  would be better if we can make them link to a dummy page :+1:

6. You should have an `h2` element with the text `Top Itineraries`.

> 7. You should have three `figure elements`, each containing an `img` element inside an anchor element, and a `figcaption`.
> 
> 8. For each `figure` element, you should use respectively as image `src` and `figcatpion` text: `colosseo.jpg` and `Rome and Center Italy`; `lavaredo.jpg` and `National Parks`; and `favignana.jpg` and `South Italy and Islands`.

Reviewer: This feels like it could be a little confusing to some. What about...

```suggestion
7. You should have three `figure` elements, each containing an anchor element and a `figcaption` element. The three anchor elements should have an `img` element as its content.

8. For each `figure` element, use the following image `src` and `figcaption` values respectively: `colosseo.jpg` with `Rome and Center Italy`, `lavaredo.jpg` with `National Parks`, `favignana.jpg` with `South Italy and Islands`.
```

It doesn't really mention what to do with the anchor elements - which is fine. But we could add href and _blank as a requirement? Or perhaps a single user story somewhere that says "All your anchor elements should have href and _blank". Then we could delete the earlier part about those.

1. You should have an `h1` element with the text `Discover Italy`.

2. You should have a paragraph below the `h1` introducing the travel opportunities.

3. You should have an `h2` element with the text `Packages`.

4. You should have a `p` element introducing briefly the various packages.

5. You should have an unordered list element with two list items. The two list items should have the text `Group Travels` and `Private Tours`, respectively. The text of each list item should be enclosed by an anchor element.

6. You should have an `h2` element with the text `Top Itineraries`.

7. You should have three `figure` elements, each containing an anchor element and a `figcaption` element. The three anchor elements should have an `img` element as their content.

8. For each `figure` element, use the following image `src` and `figcaption` values respectively: `colosseo.jpg` with `Rome and Center Italy`, `lavaredo.jpg` with `National Parks`, `favignana.jpg` with `South Italy and Islands`.

> 9. All your anchor elements should have an `href` attribute with the value of `<placeholder>` and a `target` attribute with the value of `_blank`.

Author: I hope this is clearer. What should we use to replace `<placeholder>`?

Reviewer: I think we could use `https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn` for now. I mainly don't like using dead links because it's not how you would do it when actually making a page. An alternative would be to leave it open-ended - "All your anchor elements should have an `href` attribute whose value is a valid URL..."
